#####添加Logger++ 插件翻译-部分不生效#####
In progress	处理中
Postponed	推迟
Log From	日志来源
In scope items only	仅在范围内项目
All Tools	所有来源
Filter Library	过滤库
Grep Values	正则搜索
Unique Results	去重结果
Import proxy history on startup		启动时导入代理日志
Import Burp Proxy History	导入Burp代理日志
CSV Exporter	CSV导出
Export as CSV	导出到CSV
Auto-export as CSV	自动导出到CSV
Unsaved	未保存的
Field	字段
Select fields to be exported:	选择要导出的字段:
Select All	选择所有
Select None	取消所有

(?i)Tags?	标签
Add Tag	添加标签
Set as LogFilter	应用到过滤器
Use as Color LogFilter	设置日志过滤颜色
Ignored	忽略
Snippet	语法
Add Snippet	添加语法
Remove Selected	删除选中
In Scope Only	仅在范围内
Search Responses	搜索响应
Search Requests	搜索请求
Saved Filter Sharing		保存与分享过滤规则
Color Filter Sharing		保存与分享颜色规则
Other	其他
Response Timeout (Seconds):	响应超时(秒):
Maximum Log Entries:	最大日志条数:
Search Threads:	搜索线程数:
Maximum Response Size (MB):	最大响应大小(MB):
(?i)Reset	重置
(?i)Reset All Settings?	重置所有设置
(?i)Clear The Logs?	清空日志
Note 0: Right click on columns' headers to change settings.	提示0：右键单击列的标题以更改设置
Note 1: Extensive logging  may affect Burp Suite performance.	提示1：广泛的日志记录可能会影响Burp Suite的性能，建议只匹配范围内项目
Note 2: Automatic logging does not saveFilters requests and responses. Only table contents.	提示2：自动日志记录不保存过滤器请求和响应，只有表单内容
Note 3: Full request/response logging available in 'Project Options > Misc > Logging'	提示3："项目选项 > Misc > 日志" 中提供完整的请求/响应日志记录
Note 4: Updating the extension will reset the log table settings.	提示4：更新扩展将重置日志设置
Advanced multithreaded logging tool	高级多线程日志记录工具
Logger++ was developed as an alternative to the log history included within Burp Suite. Advantages over the original implementation are a more comprehensive number of fields, the ability to show only specific entries to better monitor activity via the use of adaptable filters from various fields and row coloring to highlight interesting entries which match a specific filter.	LOGER++是作为Burp Suite中包含的日志历史的替代而开发的。与原始实现相比，它具有更全面的字段数量，能够只显示特定的条目，通过使用来自不同字段的适应性flters来更好地监视活动，并通过行着色突出显示与特定筛选器匹配的有趣条目。
Filters were developed with the intention of being highly customisable and therefore may be as simple or complex as you require. Once a filter has been entered, the color of the input field will change to reflect the validity of the filter.	开发过滤器的目的是高度可定制，因此可以根据您的需求简单或复杂化。设置过滤规则后，匹配字段的颜色将更改以反应规则的有效性。
With the new parser, fields have been separated into groups. A list of fields and their group can be found to the right. E.g. Request.Method		使用新的解析器，字段已分组。可以在右侧找到字段以及所属组的列表，例如：Request.Method
Filter Fields	筛选字段
(?i)Creating Filters	创建过滤器
(?i)Basic operations	基本运算符
== - Equal, valid on all fields.	== 相等，可对所有字段使用
!= - Not Equal, valid on all fields.	!= 不相等，可对所有字段使用
< - Less Than, only valid on numeric fields (Integer, Short, Date, ...)	< 小于，仅对数值字段（整数、短整型、日期等）有效
> - Greater Than, only valid on numeric fields (Integer, Short, Date, ...)		> 大于，仅对数值字段（整数、短整型、日期等）有效
<= - Less Than Or Equal, only valid on numeric fields (Integer, Short, Date, ...)	<= 小于或等于，仅对数值字段（整数、短整型、日期等）有效
>= - Greater Than Or Equal, only valid on numeric fields (Integer, Short, Date, ...)	>= 大于或等于，仅对数值字段（整数、短整型、日期等）有效
Special operations	特殊操作
CONTAINS - True if value is found anywhere in the string	CONTAINS -  如果值在所有数据中匹配，则为 True
IN - True if value is found within the provided array	IN - 如果值在提供的数组中匹配，则为 True
True if value matches the provided regular expression	如果值在提供的正则表达式匹配，则为 True
(?i)Notes?		提示
MATCHES - True if value matches the provided regular expression	MATCHES - 匹配操作要求整个字符串与表达式匹配
See Regular Expressions for more info on regular expressions.	有关正则表达式的详细信息，请参阅正则表达式
Compound Operations	组合操作
Multiple filters can be combined into compound filters using the following operators.	可以使用以下运算符将多个过滤规则组合到复合筛选器中
Note: Compound operations cannot be mixed without explicitly specifying order of precedence using parenthesis	提示：如果不使用括号显式指定优先级顺序，则不能混合复合操作
Tips and Tricks		提示与技巧
Filters can be generated by right clicking a log entry field, or right clicking within a request / response viewer with selected text.		可以通过右键单击日志条目字段或在具有选定文本的请求/响应查看器中右键单击来生成过滤器
Right-clicking in the main filter text box will show a dropdown list of the available fields to be used.	右键单击筛选器文本框将显示要使用的可用字段的下拉列表。
A number of fields are available to use from the requests within your filters. These are listed below.	筛选器中的Request和Respon中有许多字段可供使用，详见下方：
(?i)Description	描述
Description: The entire request encoded in Base64	详情：将整个请求编码为Base64
Description: The request line and associated headers.	详情：请求头Header相关的字段
Description: The length of the received request.		详情：响应长度
Description: The tool used to initiate the request.		详情：请求模块来源：如scanner、extensions等
Description: Has a response been received?	详情：是否收到响应?
Description: Compares the cookies with the cookie jar to see if any of them are in use.	详情：将 cookie 与 cookie jar 进行比较，以查看其中是否有任何Cookie正在使用中
(?i)Aliases?.	别名